updated message search api docs for release (#639)
Bandwidth/bandwidth.github.io: messaging/methods/messages/getMessages.md

| messages.errorCode | integer | The numeric error code of the message |
| messages.receiveTime | string | The ISO 8601 datetime of the message |
| messages.carrierName | string | The name of the carrier. Not currently supported for MMS, coming soon |
| messages.messageSize | integer | The size of the message in bytes, including message content and headers |
| messages.messageLength | integer | The number of text characters in the message |
| messages.attachmentCount | integer | The number of attachments the message has |
| messages.recipientCount | integer | The number of recipients the message has |

> | messages.campaignClass | string | The campaign class of the message, if it has one |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| messages.campaignClass | string | The campaign class of the message, or unregistered. Only applies to A2P traffic. |
```
